 You can paste this into a new chat with me or another AI assistant:

   I need to build a professional static website for my SEO consulting business, "KushSEO".

   Please generate the following files:


    1. index.html: A modern, semantic HTML5 landing page with sections for:
     - Hero (Headline: "Dominate Search Results with KushSEO")
     - About Us
     - Services (SEO Audit, Content Strategy, Link Building)
     - Contact Form placeholder
    2. css/styles.css: A responsive, clean stylesheet using a professional color scheme (e.g., dark blue and green). Include styles for a
  mobile-friendly navigation bar.
    3. js/main.js: Simple JavaScript to handle the mobile navigation toggle and a smooth scroll effect for anchor links.
    4. .github/workflows/deploy.yml: A GitHub Actions workflow to deploy this static site to GitHub Pages automatically on push to the main
  branch.

   Please verify that all file paths in the HTML link correctly to the CSS and JS files.




 Phase 1: Local File Organization

  First, organize your files into the correct structure. Open your terminal or file explorer and do this:

   1. Create Folders:
    - Create a folder named css
    - Create a folder named js
    - Create a folder named .github
    - Inside .github, create a folder named workflows
   2. Move Files:
    - Move styles.css into the css folder.
    - Move main.js into the js folder.
    - Move deploy.yml into the .github/workflows folder.

  Your structure should look like this:

   /seo_optimizer
     ├── index.html
     ├── css/
     │   └── styles.css
     ├── js/
     │   └── main.js
     └── .github/
         └── workflows/
             └── deploy.yml

  Phase 2: Git Setup

  In your terminal (inside the seo_optimizer folder), run these commands one by one:

   1. Initialize Git: git init
   2. Add your files: git add .
   3. Commit your changes: git commit -m "Initial commit of KushSEO website"

  Phase 3: Push to GitHub

   1. Go to GitHub.com and sign in.
   2. Click the + icon in the top right and select New repository.
   3. Name it KushSEO (or similar).
   4. Make it Public (GitHub Pages is free for public repos).
   5. Click Create repository.
   6. Copy the commands under the section "…or push an existing repository from the command line". They will look like this (replace YOUR_USERNAME
   with your actual GitHub username): git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/KushSEO.git
    git branch -M main
    git push -u origin main
   7. Run those commands in your terminal.

  Phase 4: Enable Deployment

  Once you push, the deploy.yml workflow will start automatically, but you need to configure one setting:

   1. On your repository page, go to Settings > Pages.
   2. Under Build and deployment, change Source to GitHub Actions.
   3. The workflow should now pick up your site. Go to the Actions tab to see the deployment progress.
   4. Once the "Deploy static content to Pages" workflow finishes (green checkmark), click on it, and you will see the URL to your live site!
